*October 29, 2025*

----
**Instructions**: Congressional offices are still open during the government shutdown, for you to share your challenges with the changes to the GRFP this year. Below are step-by-step instructions and tips to contact your representatives and ask them to advocate on your behalf.
----
<br>

1.	Find your Senators and Representatives. The Senate and House websites have tools to quickly identify who represents you in each house of Congress, with links to their individual websites. Here’s the page for Senators, and for Representatives.
2.	Choose your form of contact. Webpages for members of Congress have their contact information — usually a “contact form” through their website, and phone numbers for offices in Washington, DC, and in their home districts. 
a.	If you write through a web contact form, consider composing your message in a locally stored document, then copying it into the form 
b.	If you call, call the closest local office to you, if you can. Draft “talking points” (we’ll suggest some below) or even a full script for yourself thatyou can consult as you make the call. You may get voicemail, so aim for something you can convey in about 30 seconds — but have enough information handy that you can give a detailed response, and answer questions, if you get a staffer on the line.
3.	In emails or phone calls, start with key details. Tell the recipient who you are, where you are, and what you’re calling about.
a.	Who: Give your name. (“I’m Anna Voter …”)
b.	Where: Give your location within the state or district of the Member of Congress you’re contacting, including your ZIP code. (“... a constituent in Collegetown, ZIP code 99999.”) Location is important because if you live in the state or district represented by a Members of Congress, they’re specifically interested representing your opinion, and their staff are able to provide you constituent services, following up with an agency or helping you access resources.
c.	What: Give a one-sentence summary of what you’re calling about — what you want the Member of Congress to know even if you don’t have time to tell them more. We’ve got some suggestions in the first section of talking points, below.
4.	After you’ve covered who/where/what, provide more detail as you’re able to. In an email, this can be extensive, though check whether the contact form has a length limit. On voicemail you might have time for a couple brief talking points; if you get a staffer on the phone, you can have details ready to go when they ask for more information.
5.	Provide contact information for a response, if you want. On an email contact form you’ll likely be asked for an email address, and on a voicemail or call, you may be asked to leave a phone number for a followup. Give these if they’re required (on a contact form) or if you want a response from staff (on a voicemail or call).

----

<style>
  .center-text {
    text-align: center;
  }
</style>

<div class="center-text">
